asfmsdgflkshlkfdshlkmdgjg
hgd
j
sdgkjsghfkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
gffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffjytiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
mhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmkjgk
India, officially the Republic of India (Bhārat Gaṇarājya),[e] is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world. It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast. It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west;[f] China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the northeast; and Myanmar (Burma) and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives. India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.

The Indian subcontinent was home to the urban Indus Valley Civilisation of the 3rd millennium BCE. In the following millennium, the oldest scriptures associated with Hinduism began to be composed. Social stratification, based on caste, emerged in the first millennium BCE, and Buddhism and Jainism arose. Early political consolidations took place under the Maurya and Gupta empires; the later peninsular Middle Kingdoms influenced cultures as far as Southeast Asia. In the medieval era, Judaism, Zoroastrianism, Christianity, and Islam arrived, and Sikhism emerged, all adding to the region's diverse culture. Much of the north fell to the Delhi sultanate; the south was united under the Vijayanagara Empire. The economy expanded in the 17th century in the Mughal Empire. In the mid-18th century, the subcontinent came under British East India Company rule, and in the mid-19th under British crown rule. A nationalist movement emerged in the late 19th century, which later, under Mahatma Gandhi, was noted for nonviolent resistance and led to India's independence in 1947.
The earliest authenticated human remains in South Asia date to about 30,000 years ago.[31] Nearly contemporaneous Mesolithic rock art sites have been found in many parts of the Indian subcontinent, including at the Bhimbetka rock shelters in Madhya Pradesh.[32] Around 7000 BCE, one of the first known Neolithic settlements appeared on the subcontinent in Mehrgarh and other sites in the subcontinent.[33] These gradually developed into the Indus Valley Civilisation,[34] the first urban culture in South Asia;[35] it flourished during 2500–1900 BCE in northeast Afghanistan to Pakistan and northwest India. [36] Centred around cities such as Mohenjo-daro, Harappa, Dholavira, and Kalibangan, and relying on varied forms of subsistence, the civilisation engaged robustly in crafts production and wide-ranging trade.[35]

During the period 2000–500 BCE, in terms of culture, many regions of the subcontinent transitioned from the Chalcolithic to the Iron Age.[37] The Vedas, the oldest scriptures associated with Hinduism,[38] were composed during this period,[39] and historians have analysed these to posit a Vedic culture in the Punjab region and the upper Gangetic Plain.[37] Most historians also consider this period to have encompassed several waves of Indo-Aryan migration into the subcontinent from the north-west.[38] The caste system, which created a hierarchy of priests, warriors, and free peasants, but which excluded indigenous peoples by labeling their occupations impure, arose during this period.[40] On the Deccan Plateau, archaeological evidence from this period suggests the existence of a chiefdom stage of political organisation.[37] In South India, a progression to sedentary life is indicated by the large number of megalithic monuments dating from this period,[41] as well as by nearby traces of agriculture, irrigation tanks, and craft traditions.[41]TFTP uses UDP services. Because there is no provision for connection establishment
and termination in UDP, UDP transfers each block of data encapsulated in an indepen-
dent user datagram. In TFTP, however, we do not want to transfer only one block of
data; we do not want to transfer the file as independent blocks either. We need connec-
tions for the blocks of data being transferred if they all belong to the same file. TFTP
uses RRQ, WRQ, ACK, and ERROR messages to establish connection. It uses the
DATA message with a block of data of fewer than 512 bytes (0–511) to terminate
connection.The Indian subcontinent was home to the urban Indus Valley Civilisation of the 3rd millennium BCE. In the following millennium, the oldes
